Some of the files here, and their issues.:


dd_3.FCStd
Is the original front , with a spigot.
It prints from the outside front face down.
I printed it with supports, so it takes quite a while to clean up.
Its generally too tight on the display in XY and tight on the display wiring board in Z. 
Worked for SW dev.

 - Currently these three parts are used.
 - about 7 hrs to print dd_front_nospigot.FCStd, 1 hr for the spigot, 4 hrs for dd3_back2.FCStd
   - on the mighty Creality ender3v2 that is. In PLA.


dd3_back2.FCStd
This is the original and so far only surround around the esp32. It goes over the spigot.
It prints spigot side down. This needed vigourous sanding with a dremel sandpaper drum to remove supports.
Otherwise it seems OK.
If I needed another one I'd redraw it with a taper around the waist so it prints in reverse (ie solid back on the bed) with no supports. 

dd_front_nospigot.FCStd
This is a redraw of dd_3.FCStd to add 0.5mm all around the display, and an extra mm of Z for both
display and wiring board.  Its designed to print with the rear (surface on dash) on the bed. No supports needed.
No spigot, just a groove to locate the spigot while its epoxied in. 
I also changed to heat formed stakes to hold down the display, which was a mistake. They missed position by a
few tenths of a mm,  and were too fragile to shave down. I just broke them off and will fit either self tappers or maybe a bit of filament to hold the displays in. Self tappers are on order. I pushed in some 2.5mm heat set threaded inserts. As I didn't have holes with walls, was a little ordinary, but worked.
Note I had to ease the slot for the connector in the front.

dd_spigot.FCStd
The same spigot design used in the first one, without the front, and a pointy end to match the groove in dd_front_nospigot.FCStd

Note assembly is a bit tricky. See the pictures.
Glue in the spigot.
Ease the slot for the 0.1 inch pinstrip in the front piece with a file.
Fit the display wiring board.
Fit flexible right angle USB cable to the ESP32. This will allow reprogramming later without disassembly.
fit 12v wires. Leave then long.
Fit motherboard into the connecter for the display board.
Mount front board through dash
feed the USB and 12V leads through the back printed part.
push the back cover on, bringing the leads out.
Solder the 2 12V wires to the XP60 connector, as short as practical.
screw in the xp60
screw in the back
plug in and screw in the 2 displays from the front.

Thats all a bit messy.

Changes I should make:

Front
  * displays should be held in with screws or nutserts, not thermal posts. Also the exact placement of the posts is wrong by a few tenths of a mm.  the posts dont have a hole with walls nder for either nutserts or self tappers.
  * the slot for the female pin strip is too narrow. Display to motherboard connector.  Needs filing currently.

Spigot
  * cheeks for the 4mm nutserts are a bit small. Reduce to 3mm?

Back
  * prints backwards. want to do flat back on the printer bed. Far too much cleanup curently. Maybe a taper to the shoulder.
  * Assembly is difficult. I'd prefer to be able to assemble without removing the XP60. Have to bend the flex USB cable too.
    * Could I add an extra small connector in the 12V so the XP60 plugs in?
      * as I need to plug the MB into display board, then feed wires into the holes in the back, while sliding back over spigot, would be a long wire to locate somewhere.  Right now I use a single feeder wire soldered to both red and black ends to pull through, prior to unsoldering feeder then soldering on XP60. 
    * Could I do a slot so the wires fit between spigot and back?
    * XP60 on the back of the front part? (not nice).
    * perhaps the 12V to 5V switcher should be on a bulge on the side of the back, so that USB is the only cable?
    * or even usb to a separate blob nearly, with 12V on one side and usbC on the other. Unplug the USB for programming. Keep it flat to the display so as to not shroud the wifi antenna of the wsp32 module. 
  * Hopefully doesn't have to come apart often.  


